Plugin requests can include Authorization headers from external systems (#1323)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/plugins/components/server/best-practices.md

Add all static files under a file directory named `public` within the plugin directory, and include the files in the plugin bundle using the Makefile.

## How do plugins make sure http requests are authentic?

Plugins can implement the [`ServeHTTP`]({{< ref "/integrate/reference/server/server-reference#Hooks.ServeHTTP" >}}) to listen to http requests. This can be used to receive post action requests when [Interactive Messages Buttons and Menus](https://docs.mattermost.com/developer/interactive-messages.html) are triggered by users.

When plugins act as an HTTP server, they serve requests from Mattermost clients (which are authenticated in a Mattermost sense), but may also serve HTTP requests from external services like webhooks. These requests from external services might use the Authorization header to authorize themselves against the plugin.

> Since these requests are just HTTP requests, anyone can send them to the plugin. Hence the plugin must make sure the requests are authentic. The Mattermost Server sets the HTTP header ``Mattermost-User-Id`` when the request is made by an authenticated client. If the plugin is expecting the request to come from an authenticated Mattermost user, and the ``Mattermost-User-Id`` is blank, it's the plugin's responsibility to reject the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since these requests are just HTTP requests, anyone can send them to the plugin. Hence, the plugin must make sure the requests are authentic. The Mattermost Server sets the HTTP header ``Mattermost-User-Id`` when the request is made by an authenticated client. If the plugin is expecting the request to come from an authenticated Mattermost user, and the ``Mattermost-User-Id`` is blank, it's the plugin's responsibility to reject the request.
```

> When plugins act as an HTTP server, they serve requests from Mattermost clients (which are authenticated in a Mattermost sense), but may also serve HTTP requests from external services like webhooks. These requests from external services might use the Authorization header to authorize themselves against the plugin.
> 
> Since these requests are just HTTP requests, anyone can send them to the plugin. Hence the plugin must make sure the requests are authentic. The Mattermost Server sets the HTTP header `Mattermost-User-Id` when the request is made by an authenticated client. The plugin checks whether this header is set, and rejects all other requests.
> 
> From Mattermost v9.4, external systems can use this header to authenticate, but not in the context of a Mattermost user's token. HTTP requests to server-side plugins can use an Authorization header in the request for the plugin to use, as long as the token provided in the header is not a user token issued by the Mattermost server. This is useful for connecting external systems that require authentication through an Authorization header with their own token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When plugins act as an HTTP server, they serve requests from Mattermost clients (which are authenticated in a Mattermost sense), but may also serve HTTP requests from external services like webhooks. These requests from external services might use the Authorization header to authorize themselves against the plugin.

Since these requests are just HTTP requests, anyone can send them to the plugin. Hence the plugin must make sure the requests are authentic. The Mattermost Server sets the HTTP header `Mattermost-User-Id` when the request is made by an authenticated client. If the plugin is expecting the request to come from an authenticated Mattermost user, and the `Mattermost-User-Id` is blank, it's the plugin's responsibility to reject the request.

From Mattermost v9.4, external systems can use the `Authorization` header to authenticate with the plugin. HTTP requests to server-side plugins can use an `Authorization` header in the request for the plugin to use, and the header value will be present in the request received by the plugin, as long as the token provided in the header is not a user token issued by the Mattermost server. This is useful for connecting external systems that require authentication through an Authorization header with their own token.
```

Reviewer 2: Are the double backticks for markdown files and rst files? I noticed they're required for rst, though it seems they also work in markdown files

Author: @mickmister - Double backticks are required for RST and I believe optional for Markdown files.
